Swiping left on the fillers should not open nav

Some ingredients are still messing up, when the recipe calls for cubed tofu it puts the tofu and the cubed part as separate ingredients

Ingredients when being added from a recipe list are buggy at times, for example when it says 2 tbsp olive oil, it adds tbsp olive oil to the shopping list

Ingredient names in the shopping list should be editable

Photos added to meals in the chefs history should be delete able (x at the top right corner)

AI nutrition coach not working

Title of the first meal plan in the weekly meal prep is pushed to the left and doesn't show fully due to the box that says prep time

Meal plans are disappearing from the saved recipes after some time

No way to add shared recipes to a household

The forgot password box at login just shows "Forgot"

Adding a friend and making the connection is not working. If I am in a household, all the users in the household who are not my friends should have a little add friend icon on them to send a friend request. Set up friend requests as well, and add friend codes. Currently the friends page says "invite a friend" but that's just to invite a friend to join the app, the same button that's found in settings. The link on the friends page should not invite to join the app, but should invite to become friends.

The animations are not working for the AI recipe generator

Add a button that allows the user to add all the items from a recipe that they don't have to the shopping list

Show members of a household

Build an onboarding layout. Build this using Onboarding.md

The "Send" box in the "Add friend by code" box is outside the "add friend by code" box

The loading animation with the book writing, chef hat, and mixing bowl is near perfect. The hat just looks a little goofy, and also blends in with the white background. Have the hat moving just like that, design the hat better, and put it in a blue circle. Add more detail to the hat. The blue in the blue circle should be the same blue color as the rest of the app.

AI Nutrition Coach needs to be considering dietary restrictions. Recipes should have the dietary restriction substitutions made, and ingredients should be suggested according to dietary restrictions.

Adding a recipe to a household shared list should be more intuitive, right now the only way to do it is to open the card and star it from there.

Household members are not being shown. Are they being stored to a database?

Move the "Add all missing ingredients to my shopping list" button to the top of the recipe card.

In shopping list, when changing the marking to a household, the same dropdown appears 3 times right under another.

Marking an ingredient as done duplicates the entire shopping list.

Shopping list disappears everytime the web app is reloaded.

When an item is added to a household from the main shopping list, the item should also show up in the shared shopping list for the household.

Allow the user to select whether they want their default for shopping list to be a particular household, or personal. Same goes for saved recipes.

Change the Send button in the Add friends box to a "+" button

The chef's hat in the AI recipe generator is really ugly, fix it with something that actually looks like a chef's hat

Once the animation is ran for the AI recipe generator, the screen just goes blank and nothing happens.

Shopping list still disappears when the app is closed and reopened.

Household members still don't show in the household tab

Shopping items added to the main shopping list and then switched to a household don't show up in the household shared shopping list.

Fix the shopping list logic. Random things are happenning. When I check off one item, multiple items are getting checked off, when I uncheck one item multiple items are getting unchecked, items are getting duplicated, etc. This is especially happenning when the items are added from the recipe card's "add all missing items" feature

The share recipe from explorer feature you claimed to add does not show up. Do better.

Shopping list items, when added to a household from the personal list, still aren't showing up in the shared household list.

Once the share pill on the recipe is opened, it doesn't close, even though it should be closing when tapped outside of it.

Improve the chef's hat image in the animation, it looks so ugly and weird right now, that's not at all what a chef's hat looks like.

Add that share pill button to saved recipes as well

The app logo is still the same, I don't want it to have that weird black background. Get rid of it. When I add it to the home screen on iOS, it should just be showing the blue box with the white "Hungry" inside

The saved recipes are going off screen

Use proper capitalization for the recipes in the Explore section. It should be just Capitalizing the first letter of each word, same with the ingredients in the pantry

Sign in with appware takes the user to Site not found. it should be routing to authappware.netlify.app

Don't turn items added to the shopping list to lower case

When pantry items are being shared to a houshold, give the user an option which household they want to share the item with.

The tutorial currently does not have all the features, add all the features

Under the barcode scanner, the blue bar just has a symbol on it right now. Change it to a plus button next to the field where the user can manually add the barcode, similar to the pantry manual add.

Household members still aren't showing up in the household tab, it should show each user's global profile, not just a name.

The recipes still aren't splitting type of meal and cuisine properly, and it's causing the taste profile feature to mess up. For example, I cooked aloo paratha, but the tag in taste profile is showing up as "breakfast Indian", even though those two should be split.

Events are not being created, the create button does nothing. When events are added to the list, the event should pull up a card when tapped on, and the card should have all the information about the event, including who's coming, who's bringing what, dietary restrictions, the date, time, venue, and whatever other information there is. The list of people should show each users public profile, which of course should be able to be tapped on to view the users Hungry profile.

The substituting ingredients and changing recipes feature should also apply to the recipes in the explore section. If there are substitions made, don't show a picture of the original recipe, and instead just have a tag on top that says "(whatever the user's dietary restriction is) substitution made"

Users can add their dietary restrictions and RSVP to events in the potluck section. Change the name of the Potluck section in the nav to Events.

The tutorial shouldn't just be cards, but should take the user through each feature by having them tap different places and showing them the feature with a little message next to it. Use fun animations and a beautiful interface.

In the tutorial, take out the quotations around the Everyone loves tutorials.... part

Update the suggested recipes to show even more recipes, there seems to be a lack right now. Add a picture of the recipe from the internet to each card as well. If there are substitions made, don't show a picture of the original recipe, and instead just have a tag on top that says "(whatever the user's dietary restriction is) substitution made"

Suggest better ingredient alternatives in the shopping list according to the users nutrition goals

When the user selects a store, pull up the store's API and show the user where the item is. Add a map option If a store map is available, and all items should be highlighted on the map. Show the user the most efficient route to get their groceries done as quickly as possible

Add a view more option to the categories on the explore section. This should take the user to a new page where they can view all the recipes in a grid format. Only show 8 in the scrolling. Add an arrow at the end of the recipes in the scrolling to view more, this will act as the view more feature. Have an arrow going to the right and put view more under it. This applies to all categories.

If the item is not  available at the store in personal shopper, then suggest to the user where they might be able to find that product. Also suggest the user a substitution product from the store they're at, for example, Trader Joe's doesn't have Doritos, but if you search the internet you might be able to find a substitution for doritos at Trader Joe's

Add a proper visual heat map to the taste profile feature.

did you add fix the thing where recipes in the the explore section should get substituted according to dietary restrictions?

When there's only one household, the dropdown to select household duplicates the name. There should be no dropdown if there's only one household.

Move the household budget set to the bottom of the page as its own card, and make the invite code bigger with a share button to it that other users can tap to automatically join the household.

Hungry should over time learn what time of foods and flavors the user enjoys, and build a list on the recipes page that says "Your Taste"

Recipe pictures if available should also show up in the saved recipes.

Make the filters in both saved recipes as well as suggested recipes take up way less space, needs a redesign.

Currently recipes generated from any ingredients (the feature on the suggested recipes section) generates the ingredients in the recipe as "1 each tomatoes", "1 each vodka", "1 each Olives" which makes no sense and is never how a recipe is. The recipes generated by this feature should be real and tasty, build some sort of intelligence to do this.

Tutorial is still broken, It should just pulse the feature. for example if it's showing a button, highlight and pulse the button, etc. Get rid of the dot. Scroll down the page if the feature is lower down the page, and if showing features that are deeper in the app, like virtual sous chef, open up exactly where they are. Show a preview of cooking mode.

Inputing pantry items by voice doesn't give enough time for the user to think, 2 second gap and it starts parsing. Then the items take too long to add to pantry

Mango juice is being added to fruit, add a category for beverages, and add category for bakery, and one for alcohol as well.

The chef hat during the loading screen for the AI recipe generator is still really bad, make it look like a real chef's hat. Add the same exact loading screen to the recipe generator where user can input some ingredients.

Ingredients in cooked recipes are still showing "tblsp" they should only be showing the ingredient name. Tapping on the "more" ingredients pill should pull up the rest of the ingredients

When an ingredient is moved to a different category in the pantry, this should be reflected all over the app, like the AI recipe generator

Start cooking button isn't giving the option of just the recipe or the full AI sous chef anymore

Tapping on a recipe suggested by the AI nutrition coach isn't opening up the recipe card like it should

Take out the sign out button from the header and put it in the settings section. Spread everything out in the header more to make it look less cluttered.

User should be able to select multiple dietary restrictions. All dietary restrictions related features around the app should be updated accordingly

Add a feature where you can automatically add your shopping list to target, Walmart, Harris teeter, food lion, Amazon fresh, Whole Foods and any other store that has an online shopping. Keep any items not found on the websites/apps on the shopping list, and show a message what items weren't added

Tapping the nutrition numbers in the nutrition overview should bring up a card that ranks each ingredient by the most of the nutrients to the least, and show how much it has

Tapping on the very top of the screen still doesn't take you all the way at the top

The share button for ingredients isn't showing up correctly, it's getting hidden behind the list card.

The card that pull up when a nutrition number is tapped on in nutrition overview isn't showing up correctly, it's going out of screen at the top.

Improve the UI of the Cooking Mode, make it glassy, take out the read out loud voice and only keep the human sounding dynamic Sous Chef (which I can't hear yet), and make it more animated and exciting.

Tapping outside of any card overlaid on the main layer should close the card on top.
